this video is sponsored by expressvpn
now what the heck is a VPN it's a
virtual private network a service that
encrypts your internet data and gives
you extra security against ad company's
hackers and any other online threats out
there it works on your phone computer
video game consoles you name it simply
open up the program at that big button
and boom you're connected you can even
customize the location you appear in
like Japan for example yeah I like anime
and with a VPN means I now have access
to Japan's library of shows on Netflix
including anime that we don't even get
here and boom again it's really that
easy I personally received thousands of
scam emails and have had my youtube
channel hacked at one point and with
expressvpn that fear is no longer there
since I'm protected it's less than seven
dollars a month with a 30-day money-back
guarantee take back your internet
privacy today and find out how you can
get three months free by clicking that
link in the description box expressvpn
dot-com slash Connor the waffle that
link again is expressvpn dot-com slash
Connor the waffle play the intro
[Music]
okay so a few years ago I made three
videos about Wario bootlegs Yoshi
bootlegs and Princess Peach ROM hacks
they've since been taken down for
reasons but today I decided to re-upload
all three of them in this ultimate Mario
bootleg compilation so if you've never
seen them before
enjoy and keep in mind these videos are
old so they're not great let's start
things off with the game called Yoshi's
adventure sounds innocent enough and so
far looks innocent enough let's begin
ah really okay I guess we'll let it
slide I mean it doesn't look too bad
with the DA come on what is that
who did the art for this game me have
you seen my art look at it you Yoshi's
are the key to world domination how oh
god he's laughing this is a nightmare
already oh you're just gonna up and do
that so that's the plot of the game this
creep named mail stole all the Yoshi's
oh no wait one Yoshi managed to escape
good I guess there wouldn't be much of a
game without one so let's start the
first level well let's be fair here
what's that saying
never judge a book by it's cover let's
apply that here apart from the visuals
that scream Microsoft Paint
which again I can't really judge since
this is my art the gameplay is
surprisingly really solid like to the
points where I'd call it fun yeah the
game is really fast and simple
Yoshi's normal jump is insane and the
fact that you can add the flutter kick
to it makes it all the more enjoyable
meaning that there aren't any cheap
deaths so if it happens it's 200% your
fault
[Music]
overall the game is pretty fun
apart from occasionally feeling empty
and lacking an overall identity and
structure but Who am I to judge
IGN do the game lacks an overall
identity shut the hell up
also to be honest the game's visuals do
kind of grow on you after you play for a
few minutes
never mind
so that game wasn't really too weird
let's dive deeper into the Internet and
see what we can find
Kirby hold on this is going somewhere I
promise
have you ever been playing Kirby's
Adventure on the NES and thought to
yourself you know what this is cool and
all but it needs more fat guys and
purple overalls of course you haven't
thought that why would you well someone
in the magical land of Taiwan thought
that and the result is this Wario Land 2
featuring a giant god-like Wario who has
come to devour the land please don't
look at me like that
Wario Land 2 not to be confused with
Wario Land 2 is a bootleg created by the
jy company a Taiwan based video game
company known for making loads of nes
bootlegs that no one should ever have to
play the game itself is literally
Kirby's Adventure on the NES just
replaced with a poorly implemented Wario
sprite he still has the copy ability and
can float somehow just like Kirby could
however there are a few times where you
can still spot kirby because the game
was programmed very poorly Wario always
has this pink shade no matter where you
go so sometimes he really stands out you
sicken me the game is fine I guess
but it's just so whatever it plays
exactly like Kirby just with a more
unappealing sprite I guess it makes some
sense considering Wario and Kirby both
like to eat a lot and then there's this
the most elegant kirby dance I've ever
seen here we have a game called peach
and Daisy in the ultimate quest now I
will admit the logo is pretty crappy
that face has seen war but don't let
that deter you from this game here we
have a romhack of Super Mario Bros 3
replacing Mario and Luigi with peach and
Daisy the ultimate quest is remade from
top to bottom every stage is completely
new and original even the overworld has
a makeover and is full of intrigue like
what is that I don't know but I want to
go there the game is really well
designed the levels are all creative and
enjoyable Oh be it a little empty
sometimes a few clouds and mountains
here and there wouldn't hurt there's
also some cool new power-ups like
instead of the frog costume we now have
a powerup that turns peach and Daisy
into mermaids which is infinitely cooler
peach also sometimes just doesn't have a
face sometimes she does sometimes she
doesn't she's a strong independent woman
she can do whatever she wants
also did I mention that this game is
hard because wowee
it can be difficult definitely meant for
the more skilled Mario 3 players I mean
this right here is world 1a give me a
second to get used to the game
Princess Peach isn't used to this kind
of hectic chaos she spends most of her
time standing around a cell waiting to
be rescued and all of a sudden you
expect her to be a parkour ninja if
you're looking for a good fun challenge
this right here will do it oh hey we got
a letter from Mario Princess visiting
Planet zebus Samus sends her love
I've sent a little souvenir see you soon
love Mario what's Mario doing with Samus
maybe he went to Planet zebus to hum
Bakic
ah here's one Yoshi's Island DX you
ready no not that one
at least I don't think all right let's
let's break this down
we have a low-resolution ugly picture of
Yoshi with this bootleg looking logo and
a Donkey Kong Country background
not to mention Bieber soft is it too
late to go back oh oh oh baby Jesus what
monstrosity have I downloaded onto my
computer it's like where do we begin
Yoshi's tongue that's poorly animated
the stage layout that makes no sense and
it's just a mishmash of random blocks
thrown wherever the fact that the game
lacks any kind of physics or how about
the obvious one everything is Donkey
Kong Country related okay I lied there's
some boos but still this is awful the
objective of the game is to eat all of
the fruit you see on screen all two of
them
kind of like Yoshi's Story but you know
bad you also have to eat
all the enemies which is a total chore
then you find the exit and leave that's
it do that about four or five times
throughout multiple low-resolution
Donkey Kong stages and congratulations
you've beaten the game and you can
celebrate with all of your friends like
the starfox crew and who are you
I'm uninstalling this right now
uh-oh I I didn't mean it literally oh my
gosh
well I guess we're playing Wario date is
a dating simulator where you play as
Wario not trying to find him a
relationship but scamming people and
exploiting their emotions and want for
love for money love there's no force
more powerful in the world than love
sounds like the perfect way to scam some
chumps out of their money
so our first victim is Luigi where we
end up playing truth or dare because we
want to scam him somehow I don't see how
that works
and it just goes on for like 15 minutes
and it's not even like funny its
dialogue like Luigi opens the door
rubbing his head hahaha hello hey Luigi
Oh Wario what is it I was just driving
by and saw your lights go out it's like
who cares what is this so we end up
playing truth or dare and some high
jinks ensues like Luigi daring Wario to
eat a spiderweb great its then Luigi's
turn and he goes for a dare where we can
then dare him to kiss Oh No
I dare you to kiss me oh stop this what
yeah my thoughts exactly
easy there Wario don't look too excited
so Luigi actually ends up not doing the
Dare saying he wants his first kiss to
be with someone special but he's willing
to give Wario 100 coins instead which is
kind of weird I think a more proper
response would have been get out of my
house but regardless the plan works I
guess
yay Wario but what if Luigi said yes and
kissed him there's no money to be made
wait why do I care
[Music]